Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?
->This approach is misleading as Jill Stein and Gary Johnson both belong to different political parties. They have two different agenda and goals to go with them. So, to conculde that Hillary and Donald are not similar using the friend_overlap function is not an appropriate approach.
Secondly, Jill and Gary follow more people on twitter as commapred to Hillary and Donald, so they (Jill: 1649 & Gary: 3488
) will have more chances of having common freinds as comapred to Hillary:769 and Trump:45, so finding deciding similarities on this criteria would not be a good approach.

This can be fixed if we perform analysis of the type of post they like, activities they might have liked, post they might have shared or the views there tweets reflect. This analysis might guve us the better picture about the similarities between them.


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

->The White House has ties with Hillary(The First lady for the time of 1993-2001) as she was the wife of Bill Clinton(42nd President of the United States) amd she was Secretary of States too. Trump being the 45th President of the United States have ties with the White House.
So they both were and are the part of the system at somepoint in there political careers.
Therefore, WhiteHouse being followed by both the rivials is a genuine as WhiteHouse is the official twitter account of The White House.


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?
->Donald Trump only follows family, his business ventures, The White House and the Trump campaign on Twitter. He might only want to updated about the family and his business ventures.
Whereas Gary Johnson follows more than 3000 accounts on twitter, he is invested in his family, his political career and as well as want to updated about what happens arount the world.

Yes, this affect our analysis as we have cannot actually determine how many friends they actually have in common, as on Twitter they have no comman friends. Which in turn gives us problems in getting the similarity between both of them.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
-> On calling the API again https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids would give us back 5000 id's as we have contraint of 5000 ID's
Suppose we have total of M friends ID's that are to be retrived.
So the number of call to the API would be M/5000. 

The total time taken to retrieve all this would depend on the request time spend per call.
Suppose Twitter gives in rate limit of 15 mins\
So, total time would be = number of calls to an API * 15(minute window) + time taken to make the calls


